# Script for revealing secret combining two Revealer.cc pdfs from Electrum wallet

## Revealer.cc

Revealer.cc is a method of encrypting a secret visually. More details [on their website](https://revealer.cc/).

## This script

The script requires two PDFs as input. One is the revealer and the other is the secret. The script combines them into a single PNG image that reveals the secret.

The two input PDFs are generated by an Electrum wallet using the revealer.cc plugin ('Revealer Backup Utility'). You can read here [how to use with Electrum](https://revealer.cc/how-to-use/).

## Use case

Can be used to split a secret into two parts. The parts by themselves cannot reveal the secret. They need to be combined to do so.

Commonly used to store safely a wallet's seed phrase (BIP39). But can be used through Electrum for any custom text up to 189 chars long.

## Requirement

On Ubuntu the script needs `/usr/bin/pdftoppm` from package `poppler-utils` and `/usr/bin/convert` from package `imagemagick-6.q16`.

To install the required packages on Ubuntu:

```bash
$ sudo apt-get install poppler-utils imagemagick-6.q16
```


## Syntax

```bash
$ ./script <revealer.pdf> <secret.pdf>
```

Given the nature of the combining operation (XOR), the order of the files does not matter (though this will affect the name of the resulting PNG file).

## Sample execution

```bash
$ ./script.sh ./revealer_1_589.pdf ./custom_secret_1_589.pdf
* Revealer: 'revealer_1_589' / Secret: 'custom_secret_1_589'
* Converting PDFs to PNGs
* Converting revealer image to transparent
* Superimposing transparent revealer image on secret image for final result
* Done! Image with revealed secret: 'custom_secret_1_589_revealed_secret.png'
```

Open the generated `custom_secret_1_589_revealed_secret.png` in your favorite image viewer and you'll see it reads `CUSTOM SUPER SECRET PHRASE`.

## Troubleshooting

If the text in the final image is not clearly visible, tweak the `-fuzz` % value in the script. Trials have shown that the default 30% gives reasonable results.
